Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose. 
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. 
Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed that is.
Always pass on what you have learned. 
You will know the good from the bad when you are calm at peace. Passive. A Yoda uses the Force for knowledge and defense never for attack.
[Luke] I cant believe it. [Yoda] That is why you fail. 
Yes a Yoda's strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger fear aggression the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path forever will it dominate your destiny consume you it will as it did Obi Wans apprentice.
Powerful you have become the dark side I sense in you. 
If you end your training now if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did you will become an agent of evil. 
PATIENCE YOU MUST HAVE my young padawan 
A Yoda uses the Force for knowledge and defense never for attack.
Ready are you What know you of ready For eight hundred years have I trained Yoda. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Yoda must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away… to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm What he was doing. Hmph. Adventure. Heh. Excitement. Heh. A Yoda craves not these things. You are reckless.
Feel the force!
Remember, a Yoda’s strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke… Luke… do not… do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father’s fate you will. Luke, when gone am I… the last of the Yoda will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is… another… Sky… walker.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.
You must unlearn what you have learned.
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.
When you look at the dark side, careful you must be. For the dark side looks back.